Can't get enough of Pete and his little brother, Pete?
Then for you, there's an all-Pete and Pete snick!
Five back-to-back-to-back Pete adventures!
During a special extra long snick, it's all Pete and Pete!
This Saturday on Snick!
Saturday night has arrived!
And Saturday night belongs to Snick!
This Saturday, it's Pete and Pete!
And Pete! And Pete! And Pete! And more Pete!
For Pete's sake, what the Pete's going on here?
There can only be one thing.
Pete and Pete is taking over Snick!
Let's do it!
At 8 o'clock, Pete. At 8.30, Pete.
At 9. 9. 30. 10.
Pete! Pete! Pete! Pete!
Get it?
Get it? Got it? Good.
Plus, witness for the first time on television Pete and Pete bonus videos.
See it all on the All Pete and Pete Snick!
This Saturday starting at 8. 7. Central on Snick!
This! At school, I found this magic lamp.
And I wished for Disney's Aladdin for my Sega Genesis.
It's like the movie.
I got to battle sword-clashing thieves,
and nasty palace guards,
and ride a flying carpet.
And I still have two more wishes.
Prove it!
Sega Genesis and Disney's Aladdin game cartridge,
each sold separately.
Last weekend, I was at my grandma's house.
I ate some pelagic frosty mini-weets,
and now she's telling everybody that I'm as smart as a whip.
Why, he's even eating a nutritious cereal that's
majorly loaded with frosting.
This stuff is mega.
Good for him, all that whole grain wheat.
It's the 90s, you know.
Yeah, 1890.
Put the specs on and check out how sweet this is.
Kellogg's frosted mini-weets taste so good,
who cares about anything else?
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
Everyone should have a grandson as well-behaved as mine.
Balls have evolved over time,
but now comes the farthest flying football in history.
The Vortex.
I'm John L. Woods.
This is the Vortex.
And I'm gonna throw the Vortex farther than any football in history.
The farthest flying football in history.
If you want to throw your farthest,
you want the Couch Vortex.
The farthest flying football, Couch Vortex.
Welcome to SNCC, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
Once upon a time around here,
I am one with the ball.
The ball is one with me.
Way before the Industrial Revolution
made it possible for man to swing a graphite composite shaft
at a super-compressed fluid-core golf ball,
there were bears.
Grizzly bears.
Or, if you want to go by their Latin name,
Ursus Horribles.
They roamed this region for thousands of years,
scarfing salmon,
protecting their cubs,
and basically just being bears.
There aren't any bears around here anymore.
They're extinct.
The species that's replaced them goes by the scientific name
Dorkus Horribles.
Or, as they're also known,
Range Boys.
They roamed the region in system 6000 range mobiles,
scooping balls for a whopping $3.50 an hour.
They are the lowest life form on the planet.
Even amoebas laugh at Range Boys.
I didn't want the job,
but unfortunately, the guy who runs the place,
my dad, wouldn't take no for an answer.
That year alone, he had lost 10 Range Boys.
Some had quit,
some had been injured,
and some had just lost their mind.
As for me,
dad hoped the job would help me get to know the business
and maybe bring us a little closer.
I saw it as a way to become extinct,
just like the grizzly bears that came before.
This is me taking the back way to work.
I wasn't afraid of being killed or going insane.
That I could handle.
I was afraid of something far worse.
Total humiliation.
If anybody I knew found out
that I was working for my dad as a lowly range boy,
the gossip horn would be blown from every hilltop,
spreading the news far and wide.
In scientific terms, I'd be dead meat.
My only hope was to avoid all human contact.
Just stay in the cart, never go to the bathroom,
and in a month, it would all be over.
While I groveled in fear,
Pete was training Artie to win the annual long-ball hitting contest.
Beware the duffer.
Beware the duffer!
Pete tried not to get too cocky,
but it doesn't hurt to have a superhero
who can hit the ball into the next area code.
The only problem was that when Artie's ballistic blast
went soaring into the next county,
guess what pathetic dink had to go find them?
Paranoid? Paranoid?
Tell that to Norm Hedges-Scrumkin.
He was a range boy.
Norm Scrumkin?
Did he move away after his dad got transferred?
That's what they said,
but everybody knows that he moved so he could start a whole new life.
He even got plastic surgery.
They changed his entire face.
Really?
All it takes is one person from school to see me.
That's all it takes.
Just one person.
It's over.
You mean someone like Ennis Mike Hellstrom?
Exactly. That guy hates me.
Oh, no!
Howdy, Mike.
Are we gonna see you at the long ball tournament?
Big cash prize this year.
Yeah, it's mine.
I've been working on my visualization techniques.
See, what I do is I imagine your son's head on my tee.
The rest takes care of itself.
You know, it's funny that you should mention my son.
What's happening?
Looks like your dad's pouring towards the cart.
Oh, dad, please, don't do it.
I don't know what Pete told you about this. He probably doesn't want to brag.
Yay!
I don't care if he is a mutant.
He's got two heads, doesn't he?
Then he can't hold on to his clubs.
Artie's slippery grip had saved me for the moment,
but it was obvious that I was going to need a better plan than just ducking and whining.
Here's a radical idea.
You can just be true to yourself and try not to care what other people think.
What are you, crazy? I have a better idea.
The grizzly bears that used to live here got wiped out,
mostly because of pollution and hunting.
According to town history, no one has seen a bear in this area for 20 years.
But on one blustery November day around 3.30 in the afternoon,
a species of bear known as ursis horribilis was officially back from extinction.
Not that anyone noticed at first.
We're here at the fabled 15th hole here at the mighty bear
where school bus driver Stu Benedict is preparing to tee off.
Stu, who's been pretty depressed since his girlfriend left him,
over nothing could really use a good shot right about now.
Yeah, smooth, boy. Power driving smooth.
Gif, I just want you to know that my range is your range today.
I'm at your disposal, Gif. I'm a big fan of yours.
Well, I'd say north, maybe northeast, you know, blowing 15 miles per.
You know, I hope I'm not talking out of school here, Gif,
but around here, we take our golf pretty seriously.
Yeah, I can see.
So that's why you got the guy in the bear suit driving around out there.
Yeah.
Hello, my little friend. Let's hit it for you.
Beat, beat, stop, whoa, whoa, beat, bitch, stop it, stop.
Move over, move over.
Son, do you know why people come to my range to hit golf balls?
To hit golf balls?
Wrong. Look at them. They all have problems.
For some of them, it's family trouble.
Others have jobs they hate.
And a few of them, well, I don't know what their problems are.
The point is, their lives are anything but perfect.
But when they tee up a ball, there's always that dream that they'll hit the perfect shot.
And when they do, for that moment, their lives are perfect.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Good. Now get this.
Some kid driving around in a smelly bear suit is not part of that dream.
I tried changing his mind with some bear fun facts, but his brain wouldn't budge.
Hey, Dad, did you know that once a bear was almost elected to the House of Representatives?
Also, this is interesting. A bear can eat his own weight in trout.
I had one last chance.
Did you ever see that Gentle Ben episode, where Gentle Ben saved that blind kid from a mineshaft?
That kid would have died in that mineshaft.
He risked his life for that poor kid.
You see, Dad, bears are great. They're brave, kind, and they work for minimum wage.
Well...
You won't regret it, Dad. Oh, and Dad, it's not Pete anymore.
For the next two weeks, it's Mr. Bear.
After weeks of living in fear, I was finally free.
Free to roam the sacred ground of my bear ancestors without fear of being exposed as a lowly range boy.
With my new identity, I was invincible.
The things that would have bothered Pete Wrigley just didn't seem to bother Mr. Bear.
Oopsie! I'm sorry, Mr. Bear.
Mommy, you being Mr. Bear.
Don't worry, darling. I think Mr. Bear is a brave old bear.
Look, he's waving.
He's such a silly old bear. I love him.
My crisis seemed to be over, but unfortunately, Pete's crisis was about to go critical.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! Smashing time, boy.
Smashing time!
Ah! Unpipe.
It was bound to happen.
You smash enough golf balls into the ionosphere at the speed of sound,
and eventually, somebody's gonna get hurt.
Clark! Ha! Clark!
No, I'm sorry, my little reptile friend.
You know this turtle?
Know him? Know him?
Clark, tell the boy about Paris, you, me, Hemingway, the shiny tugboat.
Yeah, yeah.
What's wrong? Don't you remember me, boy?
It's me, your old pal, Archie.
Yep, you guessed it.
The impact of the ball had given Clark a bad case of turtle amnesia.
Christ!
And that was that.
Until Artie helped Clark regain his memory,
Pete's dream of winning the tournament was over.
Meanwhile, my life as a bear had just begun.
I had become one with nature.
I had surrendered to the call of the wild.
But as I was about to find out,
the call of the wild can sometimes get you into big trouble.
The adventures of Pete and Pete will be back after this on Smith.
Introducing Shot and Shoot, the powerful new voice-activated water weapon.
Don't shoot. Nothing in my hands.
Hey, man, we're not gonna shoot.
Get him! Fire!
His hands free. No puffing. Shot and shoot. You shot.
And it shoots.
I just love to shoot my mouth off.
New voice-activated shot and shoot from the water power arsenal of cap toys.
Who else?
All right, you little chocolates, fall in.
Who's made of delicious milk chocolate?
We are, sir.
I can't hear you.
Who's made of rich, delicious, absolutely unique milk chocolate?
We are, sir.
And who's covered with a thin, colorful candy shell?
So the milk chocolate?
Melted in your mouth, not in your hands, sir.
Keep it up, and you'll earn those M's.
We have small march mile after mile to make you open your head and smile.
Ah, there's nothing like the sound of chocolate on the march.
Hey, squirt. Meet Lisa. I invited her for breakfast.
Nice. Can I have another bowl, Billy?
Sure.
She's got my callus corn pops. Stay calm.
Sorry.
Sorry. You ate all my pops.
Oh, what that tastes like, sweet popcorn.
And all you can see, Miss Space Canette,
with my loser brother for her boyfriend is sorry.
What am I going to do?
Billy, didn't you have Megan over for corn pops last week?
Made in Keller. I'm not hungry.
Aw.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
It's only there it was.
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
When we last left our friend Mr. Bear,
he was running free in his natural habitat,
doing his bear thing.
When a strange new species entered the forest.
Man.
Let's play a little word association game.
I don't want to play.
Oh, come on. It'll be fun.
You say a word and I'll say the first thing
that comes into my mind.
Come on. Don't make me. Ray, please.
Why don't you say, oh, I don't know, hunting trip.
Well, that's two words.
Say it, Jere.
All right. Hunting trip.
Total disaster. We haven't bagged one animal today.
Maybe they were all hiding or something.
I don't know. Why are you blaming me?
Follow me.
How much to hit the bear?
Five bucks a bucket, but the bear works here.
Read the sign.
Well, what do you know?
We'll give you 10 bucks a bucket.
Happy hunting.
Bear season had officially opened.
For the first couple of days,
it was mostly frustrated hunters
bagged little Mr. Bear.
But then the sheer, unadulterated,
good-time fun of beaning a bear
spread throughout the town
like a rare tropical disease.
That's right. A little closer.
I can smell his fear, Mommy.
It smells like bacon.
The only one immune from the fever was Stu Benedict.
Still hoping to hit the shot,
that'll make him forget the flaming wreckage
of his shattered life.
While we're on the subject of shattered lives,
I guess it's safe to say that the little planet backfired.
My perfect dream of bear happiness
was about to crash and burn.
He's such a silly bear.
Bagged the bear mania had arrived.
And like all good manias,
there were neat t-shirts, cool decals,
and of course, plenty of live ammo.
Bagged the bear with a bucket!
Goodie, you bagged the bear yet?
Meanwhile, Artie tried everything
to trigger Clark's misfiring memory.
Ha-ha-ha!
And escaping to Düsseldorf
and the bob sled,
Hemingway Drive and you
in the middle of Gertrude Stein
breaking in the back.
Oh, sweet!
Oh, you remember Carol?
Yeah!
When that didn't work,
Artie moved on to bigger stuff.
Oh!
Sweet talk, sweet talk!
The stars, don't you remember the stars?
Oh, the twinkly, stinkly, smelly-belly stars.
While Clark tried to remember,
I tried just as hard to forget
that this whole nightmare was happening to me.
This has gone far enough, Pete,
and you know it.
You have to click.
I can't.
You have to, Pete.
If you don't quit for your own self-respect,
then do it for the bears.
It's not that easy.
What about my dad?
It would kill him.
He thinks I love it here.
And that leaves you with exactly one other option.
What, lose the suit?
No way.
Not now.
Nobody knows it's me in there,
and that's how it's gonna stay.
I know it's you.
And so does Ursa Major.
That's her head.
And that's her back.
And those stars over there,
they make up her belly.
Wow.
That's what I'd call a mighty bear.
He can't run forever.
No, but I can run for two more days.
Then golf season ends,
and the bears of Wellsville will be extinct once more.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be back after this on Smith.
The creators of Squiggle Wiggle Rider
and Squiggle Ball.
Everyone knows in this world
it's us versus them.
So let's see which side to have.
All right, they've got this, this,
yep, uh-oh.
These guys, this thing, that.
They've got bubble tape.
They got this.
Whatever.
This.
Uh-huh.
That stuff.
Okay.
This and ouch.
And we've got more bubble tape.
They got this.
This.
Hook out that.
One of those.
Hello.
Yeah, and that.
And we've got lots and lots of bubble tape.
It's the way I see it.
That's what's us.
Six chocolate feet ahead.
What do you think?
Bubble tape.
It's six feet of gum for you, not them.
It's morphin' time.
Mighty morphin' underwear.
Let's do it.
Fire.
Woo.
And pretend to have Megazord power.
In your mighty morphin' power rangers underwear.
By fruit of the room.
I guess it's time to change my clothes.
Tricks are fricking.
Now that I've hypnotized the rabbit
to end his cravings for tricks,
we're not giving this room to make so much work.
It's my best disguise ever.
They think I'm hypnotized.
And I'm alone with tricks.
And a food-alicious part of this complete breakfast.
All those fruity shapes, the sweet fruity taste.
I've gotta have it.
Look, he's not hypnotized.
Tell me, rabbit.
I know.
Tricks are fricking.
Now with two proofs,
you can get a free pair of hypnotized glasses.
Mail in details on markboxes of tricks.
It's only there it was.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
Two more days.
Just two more days,
and my identity would be safe forever.
What could go wrong?
On the double.
It was Pete's idea.
Hit the bear.
And not only do you win a cash prize,
you get the honor of unmasking our friend,
Mr. Bear.
People want to know who is Mr. Bear.
Well, tomorrow my boy, they're gonna find out.
What do you think, son?
What do you think?
Is that great?
They say the last bear in these parts
died choking on a bologna and cheese sandwich.
Civilization killed the bears,
but I wasn't going to let it kill me.
It took me a while to get up my nerve,
but on the day of the tournament,
I told dad the truth.
I was thinking that maybe if you ran this way,
you might be hard to hit.
Remember, the longer you take to avoid getting hit,
the more balls we sell.
Dad.
Maybe if you ran with a pool of motion.
Dad, I'm not doing it.
The only reason I started wearing this dumb suit
was because I needed a disguise.
I didn't want anyone to know I was a range boy.
Why not?
Because once people find out you're a range boy,
it's over.
You're cursed for life.
I'll have to move and get plastic surgery.
Like Norm Hedges skrumpkin.
Norm Hedges skrumpkin?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about a new face.
No, no, not that.
Are you telling me you're embarrassed to be working here?
Yes.
I guess I am.
Sorry, Dad.
What am I going to tell all those people out there
who have come here to unmask the bear?
Tell them I've gone into early hibernation.
While I took the easy way out,
Artie had to cure Clark's amnesia the hard way.
I must bump you again, Tom.
It's the only way.
Get out of my way, please.
Excuse me.
Come on, Ellen, let's get out of here.
What are you doing here?
Your public wants you.
I quit.
You did?
On behalf of all bears everywhere.
We did!
Hey, where's the bear, Baldi?
Yeah!
Well, yes.
The bear.
Well, he's hibernating.
He's hibernating a little early this year.
He needs his beauty sleep.
Beauty's here.
He's such a silly man.
Hey, come on, let's try to be civilized.
Now, he looks like a bear.
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
Hey, this is Goff.
Try to remember.
Tell him, Giff.
Don't call me Giff.
Mom, he don't look. It's too ugly.
I wanted to go,
but I guess there was more bear inside me than I knew.
I had to protect my own.
It was time for me to finally be a mighty bear.
Please, Clark, just go.
Go.
Go, boy. Go.
It's the only way.
Hey, it's Clark, boy.
Come on, get me.
Feet!
All right, feet!
I told you it's Mr. Bear.
Get out of here while you still can.
I was free again.
Free from the shame of living a lie.
I wasn't afraid of being unmasked.
I wasn't afraid of anything.
I was invincible.
Look at me, Clark!
No!
I was the mightiest bear of all.
Oh, Clark, yes, it's me, aren't you?
Yes, the strongest man in the world.
Oh, Clark, yes.
I have missed... No, I'm driving this time.
Hey, aren't you going to unmask the bear?
Hey, freak show, come back here.
You're the only one who's going to unmask Mr. Bear.
No, he's not.
Pete, you're a range boy.
Oh, I should have known.
A range boy.
Range boy.
Not a range boy.
I'm a range bear.
That afternoon we closed the range down for the season.
Dad tried to explain why everyone had gone so berserk for bear blood,
but he had no real answers.
My theory is that whether they're hitting golf balls or shooting bullets,
humans have this need to keep reminding themselves
that they're the all-time king of the jungle.
It comes from being insecure, I think.
As far as this idea of golfers seeking some kind of dream of perfection,
only Stu Benedict deserves something that beautiful.
Still here on the fabled 15th,
school bus driver Stu Benedict,
long paralyzed by his fear of failure,
reaches deep inside himself and finds something
that he never knew he had.
Until there were more people like Stu and Artie in this world,
bears and range boys would just have to keep an eye out for each other.
What is it, Pete?
Instead of just staring at your TV like you've been doing for the past half hour,
why not put that blank look to use?
Playing America's fastest growing sport?
The staring contest.
Here's a few tips from the Pete's to you.
Stairmaster, the Pete guide to staring contests.
First, it's always smart to warm up
by practicing your moves against easy opponents.
Trees are a good place to start.
Then, when you're feeling a little more confident...
I will break you! I will snap you like a yacht!
Work your way up to lawn furniture.
I'm destroying you.
Now that you're all limbered up and ready for some eyeball-to-eyeball action,
let's talk strategy.
In the game we play, blinking is okay,
but if you laugh, you lose.
So if your opponent is funny, try relaxing your eyes
so that his face becomes blurry.
But be careful.
Too much relaxation and you might start to see double,
quadruple, or worse.
Armed with a 16 to 1 advantage,
your opponent will have little trouble crushing you like a bug.
Another classic defense strategy
involves exposing yourself to a flashball before staring.
The resulting blind spot gives you the instant advantage.
No matter how strong your defense is,
you'll find yourself sitting at the back of a loser bus
unless you also develop a strong offense.
Let's have a look at your face arsenal.
The most popular assault weapon, the mouth,
comes with a number of options,
including the eradicator,
the rabid gopher,
and the mighty tongue flexor twist,
which has recently been banned in the state of Utah.
Next, conveniently located in the center of your face,
the nose.
A powerful weapon used primarily to fire deadly nostril flares.
Our final stop on your face is the ear.
If you're one of the rare genetic freaks with wiggle capability,
you've got a weapon that is virtually unstoppable.
Now that you know the fundamentals and you're rare in a stare,
let's take a quick timeout for some important safety tips.
Be careful playing against superheroes.
For example,
never get in a staring contest with someone who has heat vision.
Ah!
I'm sorry, my little viking.
Okay.
You're ready for the ultimate test.
An eyeball-to-eyeball showdown
with one of the greatest stares of our time,
my brother Pete.
Try to remember what you've learned.
Utilize a strong defense.
Attack with your face arsenal.
Finally, and most importantly, don't laugh.
I'm sorry, Bull.
I'm going to have to destroy you.
Now that you've beaten Pete, you're ready to beat the world.
I'll be.
And now, on to our next adventure.
Bored.
Okay, somebody get the food.
You got the apple jacks.
Yes!
What are you two doing?
Say your beeswax.
You like that stuff?
We love it.
It's called apple jacks, you know?
Really?
And it doesn't taste like apples.
That isn't why we like it anyway.
Really? Then why?
None of your beeswax.
Yeah!
Count apple jacks here as part of this complete breakfast.
See what we like.
It's my beautiful home.
Play school bell house.
And now you can get even more great stuff for your play school bell house.
My big sister has a new convertible
and she loves driving Sarah around.
We've got to wash her in dryer so then I can use it myself.
Mom redecorated our room and we got bug beds.
And we even got a barbecue set for the backyard.
I love this house.
It's my play school bell house.
Play school bell house and accessory set sold separately.
Batteries not included.
This is my brother Pete.
And this is his radio station.
W-A-R-T Wart Radio Wellesville.
Good morning, gut buckets.
Time to wipe the crepe from your eye sockets
and bite the wind of another Wednesday.
Looking at our traffic report,
the shortcut behind the blowtorch house
is moving quite nicely.
Sure, it's only a Crepstar 2000 walkie-talkie
with the transmit button taped down.
But with the right kind of antenna,
no one within a five mile radius is safe.
From around the world to your backyard
hear it first on Wart News.
Today's top story, Mr. Fred Hurley has hemorrhoids.
Back to you, my little fighting.
Thanks, Artie.
In other news, the international adult conspiracy has struck again.
Wart had everything you'd want from a radio station.
Everything but music.
Music just wasn't important to Pete.
Every so often, somebody would call in with a request.
What?
Hey, dude, can you play marmalade cream?
It's my favorite song.
And he would always say the same thing.
Go like, jerkweed.
He had a favorite smell and a favorite star
and a favorite internal organ.
But what he didn't have was a favorite song.
He just never cared enough to find one he could call his own.
But as he was about to find out,
sometimes you don't find a favorite song.
Sometimes it finds you.
You know the feeling you get after you hear your favorite song for the first time?
All you want to do is play it again and again,
so it stays stuck in your head forever.
Well, what if you could only hear it once and not with it?
What would you do?
Our story begins on the subject of scabs.
Hello, and welcome to Scab Talk.
I'm here with a very special guest,
meter man, Mel Retner.
Mel, what brings you to Scab Talk?
Um, you know to read your electricity meter.
Is it down here?
Upstairs.
But before you leave,
are there any interesting scabs you'd like to share with us?
Oh, yeah. I got one shaped like a dump truck.
Want to see?
Sure.
Hello, Scab Talk.
Oh, can't believe I got through.
My name is Miss Fingerwood.
I'm your math teacher.
And I just called to let you know that if you're late for my class again,
the odds of your passing will increase to a 450 to 1 ratio.
That's about all the time we've got.
Thanks for picking Scab Talk, Mel.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
A 10-year-old boy has to ride his bicycle
from 1.3 miles to school
at a top speed of 15.4 miles per hour.
How can you make it in four and a half minutes?
Short cut!
If he had had just an extra two minutes to get to school,
none of what happened would have happened.
But I guess fate has a way of putting you in the right place
at just the right time.
As he raced toward school,
a strange new feeling raced through him
and suddenly it hit him.
It wasn't supposed to happen.
He wasn't supposed to care.
But as the feeling blasted through his heart,
he knew nothing could ever be the same.
He had a favorite song,
a song he could call his own.
After he heard it,
the only thing he could think about was hearing it again.
The only problem was that nobody was home
and no one was around.
And even worse,
no one had seen what Pete had seen.
The only proof that the song had ever existed at all
was one shiny little piece of plastic.
It wasn't much,
but it gave him enough hope to keep searching.
Mom used the metal plate in her head
to scan the airwaves for the song.
While Pete's personal superhero,
Artie, the strongest man in the world,
began spanning the globe,
trying to track down the original sound waves
of the missing song.
Meanwhile, Pete was on his own
as he tried to track down the song in his brain.
If you know it, dial 555-1.
Because as each second passed,
each note of the song became harder and harder to remember.
Do you know it?
Yeah, yeah, I know the name of it.
It's called Get a Life Brain Drain.
You worm.
There was only one thing left for Pete to do.
Wait until night when the reception was best.
Climb to the roof
and point his Krebstarr 211 toward the sky.
Please be out there.
He tried AM first,
then FM.
But his song was nowhere.
Everyone else's songs were everywhere.
He only had to face the truth.
The only place the song existed in the world
was in his own head.
And if he didn't do something soon,
it would be lost forever.
He had one last hope.
When mom and dad heard that Pete wanted to experience
the joy of playing a musical instrument,
they were thrilled.
We're kind of hoping he'd play the clarinet.
Instead, Pete chose a Krebstarr 3000 emissary.
He had no idea how to play it.
But if he ever wanted to hear his song again,
he'd have to figure it out and fast.
Pete began his quest by discovering
one of the most powerful forces known to man.
Feedback.
He showed me what it could do with a little demonstration.
Outie?
Innie.
The next discovery?
The mighty ecord,
which when played properly,
blow the lint out of an innie like a cannon.
Then came the whammy bar,
which made a sound that for some reason
affected Artie like deadly kryptonite.
Power's useless growing weaker!
With the song fading fast,
Pete desperately slammed together everything he knew
and finally stumbled across the biggest discovery of all,
the sacred riff of his song.
Until he stops doing it,
we're going to have to conserve our electricity.
Our bills are out of control!
Pete had done all he could on his own.
Now he needed a band.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be right back on-stack!
I'll make you all better now, baby, check up.
Mommy missed high today.
The medicine I'll give you makes it go away.
I'll make you all better now, baby, check up.
Can't get enough of that golden crisp.
Oh, sugar bears after my golden crisp cereal again.
Granny, good witch times, witch times.
You won't get me in ancient Egypt.
Tat-tat, Granny. Whatcha looking for?
Sugar bear! Why don't you go for a spearing?
That granny's always pulling something,
but nothing comes between my tummy
and the honey-sweet crunch of golden crisp.
Guess that about wraps it up.
It's part of a complete breakfast.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete
as stick continues.
Pete's band made its North American debut live
over wart radio.
On bass guitar, her head may be filled with numbers,
but her veins throb with gasoline.
She's Elma Cougar Fingerwood.
Heart times soul equals rock and roll.
On drums, a kid who's won it in 21 states
for the crime of rockin'.
He's Clem Mutton Choplainel.
Daddy was a rattlesnake and my mama wore a six-gun.
On lead guitar, he reads your meters,
now he's ready to rock your world.
He's lightning Mel Retner.
Oh, sorry. Man, my brain was flippin' like a pancake.
And on rhythm guitar, I'm Pete, Thunderball Wrigley,
and together we make up the blowholes.
Count us down, Cooter.
Uh, 1.1, a 1.2, a 1.3, let's rock!
With the help of Cooter's calculations,
Thunderball figured that if they kept playing
his three chords at the current rate of 11 riffs per minute,
the rest of his song stuck somewhere in his brain,
splurred out by the weekend.
But whoever said that math was an exact science...
We play some other song?
I know the backbeat to one is the loneliest number.
No, that's not why we're here.
Remember, we're here to find the song.
But there's an almost infinite number
of other songs out there, Thunderball.
Come on, Pete. Let's keep rockin' in a free world.
The blowholes were on the verge of blowing up
to save the band and save his dream.
Pete did what his hero Abe Lincoln would have done.
I've had enough.
I'm going to put an end to this.
The Fred Hurley way.
Poor dad.
He knew that if he didn't stop the band,
the international adult conspiracy would do it for him.
But if there's one thing that our dad hates more
than being the bad guy, it was bills.
Big bills.
So, you don't like the taste of coffee,
but you drink it anyway. Is that right?
Yeah. Pete, it's time we had a little talk.
You know, father to son.
That's okay. Artie and I already had that talk.
No, no, no. I'm talking about the blowholes.
Is there anywhere else you could jam?
Well, then I'm sorry, son. You can't play here anymore.
I just can't afford it.
My electricity bills have gone right through the roof.
So unless you figure out a way to pay me the $700 a month on this bill,
I'm afraid you're going to have to call it quits.
I'm sorry, son.
Don't worry. There's lots of other songs out there.
You'll find one.
That concludes our workcast for this evening.
The Adventures of Pete & Pete will be right back on Snack.
The Burger King Kids Club. It's a cool place.
She's Penny Secrets with Secrets to Love.
With Secret Stickers.
With Secret Stickers. And so much more.
I've got one on her cheek that makes her beautiful, too.
She's so pretty.
Penny Secrets.
Penny Secrets, doll. Extra stickers sold separately.
Use only penny pens and white markers from doll after playing.
Come on. Let's go. I need breakfast.
And don't shut the...
My colors. Corn pops. My keys. They're locked in.
Stay calm. Smooth move.
Maybe we can call for help.
Yeah, sure.
Help. I want my corn pops.
Oh, my sweet popcorn. I could be having them now.
But thanks to the little dweebette, I'm locked out of my pops.
So I did it. What am I going to do?
I was going to do that.
Kellogg's Corn Pop Cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
I got to have my pops.
Before Nintendo came out with Super Metroid,
we wanted to make sure it was the most intense Metroid battle ever.
So we thought we'd see how Killer here would fare against it.
At 24 megs worth of weapons, worlds and weirdos,
old killers up against Nintendo's biggest game ever.
He's a big boy. He can handle it.
Well, let's see how he did.
Ship it, Super Metroid, only on the Super NES.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete as Stick continued.
I guess I'll go back to my stamp collection.
Well, I guess I'll see you in class Monday.
We're doing fractions.
Wart?
Hi. Can you play Marmalade Cream?
Get a life, jerkweed.
If you can, I'll give you five bucks.
Yeah, we can play it. Thanks.
Are you ready to rock?
Then call Wart and the blowholes will play your favorite song.
If you make a play, only five bucks a song.
And if we can't play it, we'll pay you.
It was a risky move.
But the only way for the blowholes to keep rockin'
was to pay Dad's electric bill.
And the way Pete figured it, since they were broke,
why not get the whole town to pay the bill for them?
Smells like maths.
Marmalade, it's a tangerine dream.
Before long, requests began rolling in on the wart line
from all over town.
I'll give you like 30 bucks if you play.
You'll kill me off the buttercup.
Hi. Could you play Wango Tango by Mr. Ted Nugent?
And now, a long-distance dedication
from the kids on Cranston Street,
going out to the man who saves our lives every summer.
Mr. Tasty.
We miss you, Tasty.
Wherever you are.
The blowholes were on a roll.
The way things were going, they could have played forever.
Unfortunately, one haemorrhoid sufferer had heard enough.
All right, you mutant.
It's time to raise the stakes a little.
You play my song, I'll give you 100 bucks.
You can't play it. You pull the plug.
What's your poison, buttweed?
Surfin' bum, surfin' fun.
The band was baffled until Artie saved the day.
That's my boy.
Red Hurley just had your clock ring.
Stop jumping around. You're blocking the signal.
They're going to do a choice?
I never thought they could pull it off.
Gee, I should have told them the bill was $1,000.
We're only 100 bucks away.
Who's going to be the lucky color to put us over the top?
I am.
I look in your eyes.
I see a light shining bright from the sky.
The stars can't come off your hair.
They're holding me tight.
In my dream of the day, not far away.
Well, we...
You're dancing so slow, and I...
Remember when we first heard our song, Joyce?
You painted my...
It's all the canvas you need.
It should have been one of the greatest moments in Pete's 10-year-old life.
Instead, it ended up being one of his worst.
Seeing how happy the song made Mom and Dad,
suddenly made Pete realize how much he missed his song.
He knew the band wouldn't understand, but he had to leave.
He was through playing other people's songs.
It was time to play his song.
And if he was going to find it, he knew where he had to go.
But when he got there, all that was left was one single solitary note.
That was all he could remember.
Lousy note.
We just followed the note.
Well, you wasted your time.
My song is dead.
Rock and roll never dies, Thunderball.
Bite me, Clem.
Lousy, you've been trying too hard to find it.
Why don't you let the song find you again?
He had no idea what Mel was talking about.
But as he walked over to the exact spot where he had first felt the feeling,
something strange came over him.
The song had come home.
As the music echoed through the night,
Pete didn't care if the whole world knew his song was around.
Even the entire universe could listen in.
The song was his.
No matter who else heard it.
And now that it had found him again,
he was going to make sure he never, ever let it go.
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch,
Snick will continue after these messages.
You've been rump riding the sofa for the last half hour watching TV.
Now it's time to get up and get strong with your personal trainer.
Artie, the strongest man in the world.
It's the Artie Workout.
Let's start with aerobics.
To get his blood going, Artie likes to warm up with a brief aerobic workout.
Follow along.
Your lungs, your heart, your tonsils.
Aerobics the Artie way makes everything feel good.
Next, let's work on your upper body.
Here's an exercise everyone can do right at home.
First, grasp your house by the corner like so.
Bend your knees and lift in an upward direction.
I'm Jack Lillian. All rolled into one.
Lifting your house or your neighbor's house is great for your upper abs.
Look at the work, puny viewer.
Look at the work!
Finally, Artie recommends running.
It's the most power building exercise there is.
And the true test of your competitive edge.
It's colflaw for you, worthless green head.
Work, it's balance tougher.
Cappage ghost town.
So remember the Artie Workout.
Aerobics.
Lifting.
Running.
And of course...
Don't...
Eat...
Metal.
You all can't be superheroes,
but you can be fit just like Artie.
This is the strongest man in the world.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And now on to the Pete's next adventure.
Late in the afternoon, a strange hunger comes over Steve.
Without his trusty Kellogg's Pop Tarts to ward off the effect.
He changes into the chocolate craving monster.
Mackie Logs!
Frenzy.
Kellogg's chocolate-flavored Pop Tarts.
On the pastry, oozing with fudgy filling.
Or s'mores with gooey marshmallow lurking inside.
Unable to resist, the creature sinks in Steve's with its second.
Steve is his former self.
Hey, little buddy.
He has to be so dramatic about everything.
Kellogg's Pop Tarts. It's the monster snack.
Steve wants your blade on his skate.
And he wants the trade.
Uh-uh.
The cool new Blade Runner skate.
Hit it!
Now available on Planet Earth.
Blade Runner by Rollerblade.
This is me.
And this is my best friend, Ellen.
And this is the Wellesville Fighting Squids marching band.
Along with our fellow squidmates, we're proud to be in the band.
Even though we don't get too much respect from the rest of the school.
The thing is, we just didn't care.
I guess we were willing to sacrifice being cool because we love to play music.
Besides, we were happy to be part of something bigger than ourselves.
It may just have been the word squid.
But it was big enough for us.
That is, until one tiny little dot blotted out the happiness that we once knew.
And plunged me into a world of darkness.
You lick it after leaving me.
I can't be sad unless you're me.
Or have you been to the target yet?
Isn't it?
Don't you dog bite?
Super hot gas called plasma.
It all began like most important things in life.
In science class.
Plasma of deuterium and tritium.
At the appropriate conditions of temperature, density, and energy confinement,
deuterium and tritium nuclei will join together or fuse.
Think of it, Pete.
Two separate atoms come together and create something that's bigger than both of them.
It's like they need each other to fulfill their destiny.
Each deuterium and tritium...
Uh, yeah. Wow.
I never thought of it that way.
Alan and I were like a couple of hydrogen atoms.
Destined to combine into a helium isotope.
But I guess I just wasn't ready.
If I had been, maybe this whole disaster would never have happened.
Destiny knows where we live.
None of us really took Mr. Markle too seriously.
I mean, he was a Nimrod, but he was always kind of a harmless Nimrod.
At least he was until the day that letter came.
I have here our official notification as finalists in the regional championship.
Now, I don't know how you, Squids, did it, but I do know this.
In two weeks, I am going...
Well, we are going to make Wellsville history!
It had always been Mr. Markle's dream to win the state championship.
Back in 67, he had a squad that should have won it all.
But he forgot to cross the T in horned toads and they were disqualified.
After that, he was never quite the same.
I've been working on a new formation.
It was based mostly on the final battle plan of the Crimean War
and involved two maneuvers that hadn't even been invented yet.
Even more radical was his daring decision to change our typeface
from the traditional Helvetica to the rolling Gothic.
Can he do that?
There's some changes in the lineup.
Tucker, you're on top of the queue.
Bronson, you're on middle D.
And Markle Jr., I want you on top of the eye.
And finally, Ellen Hickle!
I've been watching you work. I like what I see.
Come next Saturday, you are dotting the eye.
Have been chosen to ride the eye. Do you have what it takes?
Yes, sir.
We were all happy for Ellen. It was a big honor.
As any Bangeek will tell you, without a great dot out there,
it didn't have diddly squid.
With the dot in place, nothing can stand in our way.
Follow me, my squids, and you will be part of something bigger
than you've ever known.
Total, full, frontal victory!
By the end of the next day,
the band began to break down into two different factions.
Those of us who were in it just for the fun,
and those, like Markle's buttweed nephew, James Markle Jr.,
who were in it for the glory.
Move it!
And the weird thing was,
all of a sudden it was hard to tell which side Ellen was on.
My lips feel like warm cheese.
Mine feel like smush grapes.
But you know what they say, Pete, no pain, no gain.
Let's do it again.
I wanted to talk to my brother
to get the Pete perspective on things,
but he was having problems of his own.
Please refrain from smoking,
and hold your questions till the end.
It seems his school bus driver, Stu Benedict,
was going through a tough time
because his girlfriend, driver Sally Knorp,
broke up with him.
According to legend, they fell in love in school bus school,
but as soon as things got serious,
they ran into a dead end.
It seems driver Stu had a little trouble
expressing his true romantic feelings.
He tried to forget her, but he couldn't.
Instead, he began driving all over town,
giving his passengers a guided tour
of his shattered romance.
What was once a ten-minute bus ride,
now dragged on for hours.
That's where Sally dropped a scoop
of the statue of Swirl.
I picked it up,
I wiped off the gravel,
and I put it back on her comb.
To try and help,
Pete offered some friendly advice.
Deal with it, Dipwan! Take his phone!
But Stu was too far gone to listen.
Coming up next, the hardware store where
we used to buy our weather stripping.
Oh!
Meanwhile, things at band practice
were starting to get a little out of control.
Breathe deep, my squibs.
Work those lungs!
I'm telling you, Pete,
Michael's wigged.
His wedding thing has warped his brain.
Michael says my duck feeder
against regulation.
If I can't angle him in 16 degrees,
I'm out of the band.
This isn't why we joined up.
Maybe we should talk to him.
Count Ellen out.
What?
I mean, take a look for yourself.
She's partners with James
and Michael Jr. now.
They're partners?
Yeah, I meant to tell you,
but I guess I didn't want to upset you.
What?
I couldn't believe it.
Ellen and Michael Jr.?
What could she possibly have in common
with that chunkhead?
Ellen, when I look at you,
you know what I see?
A dot.
Oh, well, I've been under a lot of pressure lately.
No, no.
A dot inside.
I don't like the rest of these clowns.
You could be a champion.
Let me help you.
Be the dot you were always meant to be.
He helped her, all right.
As the days passed,
she became more and more consumed
with achieving a state of total dot-osity.
I am a dot.
Then he set out to forge a psychic brain meld
so they could stay perfectly in step
and telepathically bridge the gap
between the dot and the rest of the eye.
Hi.
Hi, Pete.
What are you doing?
Going over the third movement of the Prussian battle hymn.
James Jr. says that instead of drums,
the percussionists used to use live hand grenades.
Needs?
Are you coming over later?
I can't.
James Jr. and I have to practice.
Thanks for being a good sport, champ.
I had seen enough.
I wanted to remind Ellen what band was supposed to be
and get her away from James Markle Jr.
My plan wasn't based on the Crimean War or anything,
but I liked it.
Everyone knew but Ellen and the Markles.
On my signal,
I got the horn section to play Love Roller Coaster
by the Ohio Players.
Is this Capitan?
I knew this song would attract arty,
the strongest man in the world,
like a giant funk magnet.
Sure enough.
Music of the God!
I'm lying to him, George Clinton.
By the time arty began dancing the voodoo crispy,
Markle's spell was broken.
When I saw Ellen laugh,
I knew everything was going to be alright.
How was I to know it wouldn't last?
As arty launched into the diesel jerk,
Markle was busy formulating a diabolical scheme
to regain control of the band
and snatch Ellen away from me forever.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be back after this on Snake.
And Harpoon Harrison hooks the demon.
Get some great solo, Pete!
Jurassic Park, Dino Trickers and dinosaurs
eat souls separately.
Dig it. This is the Push Pop.
You even know what to do with it or you don't.
Yo!
You gotta be hip to the pop.
Push it up, push it down, keep it hanging round.
Taste of grape and cherry water, melon, raspberry.
You gotta be hip to the pop.
It's something else. Yeah, that's the rap.
Take it now, lick it later, just give it the cat.
Get hip to it. Yeah, see the light.
Nothing else fits you.
So why? Yo!
You gotta be hip to the pop. Push pop!
It's only there it was.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
One day you'll look back and ask,
what in my life amount to?
What did I accomplish?
And you'll remember this championship.
You could have won a place in history.
And you'll say,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
My life meant nothing.
One kid ruined the championship for all of us.
And maybe I should punish only him.
But you're a team.
You march together.
You practice together.
And now, thanks to him, you'll suffer together.
Nice going, Pete.
Yeah, thanks.
My plan had backfired.
Within days, whatever resistance we had left
had been completely drilled out of us.
We were just puppets.
And Markle was the vile puppeteer.
I had to snap Ellen out of it before it was too late.
I found her, the Saturday before the championship,
practicing the now legendary Sliding S.
Ellen?
We need to talk.
I can't now, Pete.
I'm having a problem with the belly curl.
It's just,
I haven't seen you in such a long time.
I mean, seen, seen you.
I miss you, Ellen.
I'm just doing things together.
I've had championships in two days.
Things are different.
I'm a dot now.
Whatever happened to just playing music?
What happened to Baron being fun?
Ellen, what about those two hydrogen atoms?
Two lonely elements.
Meeting each other to fulfill their destiny.
Now look what you made me do.
I have to start all over again.
Pete, would you please go?
I have to concentrate.
Oh, you're right.
A factory that produced our Hibachi barbecue.
Sally loves vegetable kabob.
Meanwhile, Pete tried everything to try and derail
Driver's Dew's misery tour.
Take the cash, crankbait.
But nothing worked.
Up next, the forest that produced the wood
for Sally's house.
As Pete got closer to the edge,
I fell right over it.
Thanks to a little push from James Markle Jr.
You know, you've had this coming for a long time, Markle.
Yeah?
Show me what you got.
I'll show you what I got.
Stay information!
Stay information.
You know something, Red?
You fight the same way you march.
The same way you play.
Like a loser.
It was the worst day of my whole life.
I was disgraced before the band.
And worst of all, I had lost Ellen for good.
As for Pete, he had lost all hope of ever getting home.
During the last stop for the evening,
I'd like to point out the blinking red light
where Sally and I once stopped.
That night, I thought about how I really felt about Ellen
and I realized that we were like a nuclear chain reaction
that never got started.
We could have exchanged neutrons
and lit up the entire solar system.
Instead, there was only darkness.
Here on Nick's.
Hardee's has something special for your child.
This is my child.
They're Eureka's Castle Stamper.
My husband, he makes the heart.
And they're available with every fun meal
at participating Hardee's.
This is his heart.
He says, I love you.
Here's that.
Visit a Hardee's today
and collect all four Eureka Castle Stamper
from Nick Jr.
Oh, yeah!
Credit bar is here!
The newest cool name, Super Booty Flavor K.
Strawberry!
Equal to Karate!
I see!
The champion of taste!
That's me!
Don't super-ferring!
Oh, yeah!
He's now an incredible offer
from Kool-Aid Soft Drink and KV Toys.
You can bring any label of
an incredibly Kool-Aid to any KV Toys star
and get a free Nickelodeon Mini Solar Gat!
Solar Gat!
Now there is an in-home phonics reading program
for children and adults
that was created by dedicated teachers.
It's called You Can Read.
Other phonics reading programs use audio cassettes,
but You Can Read
teaches us video cassettes to utilize
sight and sound, color and motion,
and allows the learner to work with
or without assistance.
For more information about You Can Read
call 1-800-531-READ.
It comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee
that You Can Read.
Call 1-800-531-READ.
And so, there it was.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
By the day of the championship,
there was nothing left to do
but what Markle had programmed us to do.
Win.
This is the moment that decides it all
that separates the losers from the legends.
Will your future be empty?
Or will it be filled?
Filled with a nickel plater
hand inscribed trophy.
A destiny may know where you live, my squid,
but will you be home when it comes over to play?
Yes.
I didn't know it then,
but as I marched towards the rest of my lonely life,
another love-lorn man was hurtling towards the field
in a shiny yellow school bus.
My brother, Pete, had launched a plan
to get Driver Stu Benedict back together
with his ex-flame, Driver Sally Knorp,
and put a stop to the misery tour.
He asked Driver Stu to
Show us the bleachers!
We're me and Sally.
We forgot our umbrella.
But he was really leading Stu to the state championship
where he knew Sally was standing by
to pick up a load of major ads.
A uniform?
Did I tell you about the only girl
who could ever share my life?
Well, let me tell you about Driver Sally Knorp.
Maybe somewhere in America.
When love comes,
you better pull over to the side of the road
and open your door
because nothing in this world matters more.
Knorp?
Ten seconds!
Seeing Driver Stu and Driver Sally,
I knew it had to be done.
Somehow, I had to show Ellen how I felt.
It was the riskiest move of my life,
but I had to do it.
The band was so well-trained,
they had to follow.
I wasn't sure I could really pull it off
without a diagram.
I tried to remember our science film,
so I could recreate the chain reaction we saw.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the fighting squids have just made a formation
never before attempted on any football field.
It looks like...
the song!
Luke, somebody pinch me.
I believe they're ready to attempt
a thermonuclear fusion
of force that powers the stones.
Keith, Ellen,
don't do this!
He's destroying everything we built together!
There appears to be
two heavy types of atoms
moving closer together.
They're reaching a state
of the hot plasma, ladies and gentlemen.
Please stand your seats!
Burn, baby, burn!
Ellen, I...
You don't have to say a word.
I know.
Breaking formation had snapped the whole band
of Mr. Markle's full frontal mind warp.
As for an element in me,
we were finally joined into a new element
that was much, much bigger than anything we had ever known.
We didn't know what the future had in store for us,
but what did it matter?
We fulfilled our destiny.
Are you crazy, man?
You didn't notice her?
Well, you must be blind.
That's all I do now.
Just think about her.
She will be mine.
I couldn't stand up.
I couldn't sit down.
One love in her and I stumble around.
Cloudy day, the sun.
She's not a part of the scene,
she don't socialize.
Hi, I'm Martin Short.
In the movies, I play Clifford,
a ten-year-old boy,
and these are famous stories from
famous people.
Favorite food.
Baloney.
B-A-L-O-G-N-A.
Oh, my favorite food when I was a kid
and to this day is a baloney sandwich.
And I've never decided whether I prefer
baloney with mustard or baloney with ketchup.
Never together.
I cannot eat a tomato.
I love ketchup.
Don't get me wrong.
But for me to bite into a tomato,
I'd need a lot of money.
Tremendous amount of money.
More money than you have.
What's funny, my pebbles?
Hate to leave you hanging.
House 40 pebble cereal with new berry blue.
Plot of this complete breakfast.
Cheeseburgers.
Move over.
Hey.
I can't get out.
What's popping up at McDonald's?
The Animaniacs.
You can go wacko with gacko and dot
or zany with pinky on the brainy.
I know you buy.
The happy meal is always happy.
But for a limited time, it's gone a little wacky.
Move over.
Yo.
Do you go here till you get my drift?
Cause here's what Angle Minis will make you fit.
In your mouth.
That's what your mouth is for.
That's what Angle Minis does.
In your mouth.
That's what they're about.
Angle Minis will walk close to side of your mouth.
That's right.
You can get them on down.
Yeah.
One at a time or more if you can.
In your mouth.
That's the plan.
That's where they fit.
That's what they're about.
Angle Minis will walk close to side of your mouth.
Angle Minis is part of this complete breakfast.
That's where they fit.
In your mouth.
Snack.
It's Saturday night Nickelodeon is snack.
And would Friday night Nickelodeon be...
Snack?
Definitely.
Snack.
Gross.
You spit on it.
What makes someone your best friend?
I think it's that you laugh at the same thing.
You stand by each other no matter what.
And sometimes when you're together, you look at each other and you just know.
Everything is perfect.
Some people think you can't be best friends with your little brother.
But with us it's easy.
I guess we just have the same peat way of looking at things.
Ours was the kind of best friendship that seemed like it was built to last forever.
I was eye to know that a 10 pound bowling ball was about to roll into our lives
and destroy everything we stood for.
Some say it was just a ball.
But to my dad, it was a dual rotating pressure torqued hunk of engineering perfection.
When it hit the slats, the sound of thunder shook the lanes.
And so it got the name...
Rolling Thunder.
I think my dad was more proud of his bowling ball than he was of me and Pete.
But then one day, my dad's fingers got too big to fit inside its sacred holes.
He worked out like crazy to try and get them back into shape, but it was no use.
I guess he could have drilled the holes wider, but that would have ruined its delicate calibration.
Finally, he realized what he had to do.
The time had come to pass the ball down to the next generation, and that's how it all started.
What if you could be rich forever, but you had to go to the bathroom through your nose?
Once a day?
Yeah.
I'd do it.
What if you could get your driver's license now?
But for six months, you'd have a trout head.
I already got one.
How'd you do that?
Hey, Pete! Pete! Come here!
We both wondered what dad was doing home on his bowling night, but then we had an even bigger surprise.
Some say he possessed the secrets of the universe.
All we knew for sure was he used to fix dishwashers for a living.
He was our dad's dad, our grandfather.
Oh, boys, I missed you.
Because he lived so far away, he only came by once a year, so he knew something big was up.
Your father has something to tell you.
That is, after he takes the gum out of his mouth.
I'm not chewing gum.
Dad was never that happy to see grandpa.
I guess because he always got treated like a kid.
I gotta admit, it was pretty awful to watch.
Okay, Sponky.
Boys, as you know, your mother is the love of my life.
But what you might not know is I also love another.
Her name is Rolling Thunder.
How touching.
Some people say she's just a ball, but she's more.
She's a friend, a teacher.
She can pull you out of the eighth frame doldrums and smash through pins like lightning.
But, as you know, I've outroan her.
Cut to the chase, squirmy.
It's a wriggly tradition to pass her down from father to son.
That's why your grandfather's here to assist in a ceremony.
It's time to give her to one of you, as she was given to me.
The question is, which one of you shall be called the chosen one?
That's okay. Pete can have it.
Give it to charity.
Are you gonna be around a while, grandpa?
Looks like I'll have to be.
Later that night, me and Pete were having a staring contest.
Pete delivered his deadly nose flex lip quiver combo, outlawed in three states,
and I was history.
Yes!
That's when we heard it.
I wonder if we can have a little talk.
Do you know the story of Rowling Plunder?
It was a gift to my father from a Tibetan holy man,
whose dishwasher I once fixed.
The boy said to have certain powers, powerful good,
believe me, it has perfect proportion,
and it seems almost weightless, try.
Like a father, no?
Engineering miracle.
The power that can only be harnessed by a reggae, you know what I mean?
It must be passed on, and it must stay in the family.
Good night.
I changed my mind. Can I have the ball?
Too late. It's mine.
I'm the oldest. I should get it.
I'm prepared to write you a check.
Uh, no, no. The one who gets Rowling Plunder has to prove to me
that he has the qualities that make a wriggly, a wriggly...
things like honor, valor, courage, and good hygiene.
Translated from dad's speak,
that meant whoever sucked up to him the most would get the ball.
Good spell.
It was humiliating, but...
I'll do that.
No, please, no, let me.
And so the battle for the ball had begun.
Dad had been after me to clean the garage since I was five,
so I figured the ball was practically mine.
But while I was sweeping it up, dad was soaking it up.
Pete had made a technicolor tribute to...
Dad, a man of vision.
Dad, a man of strength.
Yes, few mortal men have the coordination, the determination,
and the overall niceness of Dad.
Aw, Pete.
It was going to be a long battle.
Well, good night, buddy.
Sleep tight, pal.
I guess Artie could feel the disturbance in the cosmic wind,
because the next morning, the strongest man in the world
had his porta-home parked in our lawn
and stood vigilant watch over our house.
Meanwhile, with his father around,
Dad was subject to surprise inspections
and the loss of his hard-earned adult privileges.
Tamper.
Pete and I had done more sucking up in two days
than we had in our entire lives.
The fact was, we were still tied.
It was time for one of us to try something big.
That night, I was coming home five minutes after bedtime,
when suddenly, I was busted.
Pete had nabbed me in a violation of house ordinance number 215,
so much for a friendly contest.
That's how you want to play it?
This is...
The Adventures of Pete and Pete will be right back on Stick.
We're gonna meet a friend after school.
Crimp it in.
Brush it out.
Cool Crimp Skipper, you're what Cool is all about.
Cool Crimp Skipper and Courtney Dolls have special hair you can crimp.
All dolls sold separately.
Everyone knows, in this world, it's us versus them.
So let's see which side they have.
Alright, they've got this, this, yep.
Uh-oh, these guys, this thing, that.
And we've got Republicans.
They've got this, whatever, this.
They've got stuff, okay, this and that.
And we've got more bubble tapes.
They've got this, this, hook out, that.
One of those, hello.
Yeah, and that.
And we've got lots and lots of bubble tapes.
It's the way I see it.
That puts us six jock-riding feet ahead.
What do you think?
Bubble tapes, it's six feet of gum for you, not them.
We made this film for Nickelodeon.
We all did different jobs when we put it together.
It looks like this.
Now, back to the Adventures of Pete and Pete as Stick continues.
Honest Abe Lincoln once said,
a house divided against itself cannot stand.
I'll bet his dad was a bowler, too.
It's hard to believe that our friendship was ending over a piece of molten rock
that the battle lines were drawn.
Pete took his half of the bunk and moved to the basement.
We were no longer talking.
Any messages we had, we sent through Ellen.
We even had a system so we didn't have to see each other at meals.
Don, you have got to put a stop to this.
It's gone too far.
Maybe she's right, Dad.
Maybe she is, and maybe she...
Even with Artie guarding the house, the whole thing felt out of control.
Careful, boy, careful.
There are unfavorable almonds in the air.
You finished painting your dad's room yet?
I couldn't. Pete wallpapered it last night and put down carpet.
Ellen, this is insane.
We even talked in two weeks.
We've never gone that long without talking.
War is ugly, Pete.
But he's my best friend.
I feel funny saying this, but maybe your best friendship wasn't meant to last forever.
Friends do grow apart sometimes, and you are four years older.
Think about it. Your brothers.
How many brothers do you know who are best friends?
And so the war raged on.
My brother, one of the greatest natural generals ever born, began a full frontal assault.
Pete says he's responsible, but last year he broke the hall vase.
Pete says he loves his parents, but he didn't buy their anniversary card.
He just signed it, and for the algebra final, Pete had to borrow notes.
He broke the vase, signed the card, borrowed notes.
You need someone you can trust with your bowling ball.
Give it to Pete. He deserves it.
Paid for by the committee to compete the bowling ball.
If I was going to win, I'd have to beat him at his own game.
Issue one. Dad's bowling ball.
Who deserves the celebrated sphere?
Item. Young Pete toppled the Asian bar market.
Item. Young Pete's science project caused spontaneous baldness across the Texas Panhandle.
Item. Young Pete accidentally drained Lake Superior.
His response?
No comment!
No comment? Grunge bag? Not good enough.
Exit question. Who gets the ball?
Young Pete? Wrong.
Answer. Older Pete. Bye-bye.
Mom had had enough.
She wasn't going to let our family fall apart over a bowling ball.
Honey, something wrong?
See, my mom had a metal plate in her head from an accident she had when she was a kid.
And they both knew it would attract every lightning bolt for miles.
Come inside, right now!
Not until you stop this war.
I can't. He won't let me.
If you don't stand up to your father, I'm going to blow myself to kingdom come.
Dad had no choice. Maybe he didn't have the guts to face his dad, but he got another idea.
Later that night, he snuck Rolling Thunder from the house and ran four hours to the Canadian Borger.
Go on. What are you waiting for? You're free.
Be like that!
You took it!
Maybe it was stolen. I thought I heard a noise last night.
Spunky, have you done something?
No.
I know that look. You've done something. Tell Papa.
What difference does it make?
It's gone. Now we can get back to normal.
But we all knew things would never be normal again, and that's when we heard it.
Rolling Thunder!
No one knew how it got back, but one thing was certain.
We had to settle this thing once and for all.
Sometimes the only way to stop a war is to fight the bloodiest battle ever.
A battle so gruesome there can only be one undisputed winner.
Me and Pete were going to stare.
Not only were the stakes higher than any other staring contest,
but the only way to lose was to smile, and neither of us felt like smiling.
Must destroy. Must destroy.
Pete!
Artie understood the contest could go on for weeks, even years.
So he decided to come to our rescue.
You know what I've come for, grand puppy?
The ball! The ball! Out with it, old man!
You'll be sorry.
Get this up there, families!
Get her lover!
Blue Legless Dog!
This!
The battle went on for hours.
The ball was the fiercest foe Artie had ever tangled with.
And in the end, the strong man went down.
Foolish man, brave, but foolish.
With Artie defeated, nothing could stop us from the madness of the final showdown.
Two Pete's would enter that room.
Only one would come out.
It's not too late to stop.
Quit stalling, Chunderhead! Make me laugh!
And so it began.
At first, we just stood there, probing each other for weaknesses.
Then suddenly, Pete attacked with a barrage of face twitches and tongue swirls
that normally would have obliterated me.
But I was ready, and came right back with the Wisconsin ear wiggle
I picked up last summer in Sheboyka.
I caught him off guard, but he didn't crack a smile.
The battle was raging.
Meanwhile, my dad was fighting his own battle.
It started when Grandpa brought out cookies and milk.
Maybe we should go up there.
No. I forbid it.
The ball must be passed on.
Nothing can stop it.
Drink that.
It's milk.
The contest slogged on for hour after brutal hour.
The way it was going, maybe it would last the rest of our lives.
It was insane. It was inhuman.
Without warning, both of us unleashed everything we had.
While we faced off against each other,
Dad finally got up the nerve to face off against his dad.
Who ate all the cookies?
You know what sugar does to your teeth?
Come on out, weather. Who did it?
You want to know who ate the cookies? You want to know?
I'll tell you. I ate the cookies.
And you want to know what else? I didn't finish my milk.
What do you think of that?
Spunky.
My name is not spunky.
My name is...
This is my house, and my wife, and my kids,
and that ball is out of here.
This war is over!
But it wasn't.
Me and Pete were locked in a death stare
that nothing could break.
As the intensity increased,
I started to hallucinate.
And I know he was going through the same thing.
Pete! Pete! Open the door!
I didn't know how much longer we could take it,
but then something happened.
I was able to see Pete again for what he really was.
And I realized after all those hours,
I wasn't staring at my enemy.
I was staring at my best friend.
I guess Pete felt the same way.
And finally, the sheer stupidity of what we were doing got to us.
The battle for the ball was over.
I was wrong to interfere with your family.
And spunky, um...
Dad, I'm afraid I used the power of the ball for evil.
Instead of good.
Well, I don't know about that, Dad.
It did have the power to show you that your son had grown up.
Maybe you'd like to stay around a while and get to know him, huh?
Soon after that, things pretty much got back to normal.
Pete moved back in, and somehow our bed was stronger than ever.
Dad was free to avail himself of all the privileges of Delta,
including drinking non-milk beverages.
And as for rolling thunder,
now that no one desired it anymore,
it had lost most of its evil power.
Even so, we didn't want to take any chances.
So after Grandpa taught Artie how to toss it with a sacred Tibetan power jam,
it was time to say goodbye.
We never knew where rolling thunder went,
or if it would ever come back.
But one thing was certain.
We had learned our lesson.
And next time, if it ever returned,
we'd be ready.
Here at What Will Is Water World,
to see what Kellogg's Rice Krispies say.
Ross, did you say what? What?
It says in your dreams.
Kellogg's Rice Krispies cereal is a loud part of this complete breakfast.
You want some Rice Krispies?
Hey, what do your Rice Krispies say?
Bea, what do I want to be?
Okay, what do I do next?
I'll tell you if you're making some Kellogg's Rice Krispies treats. Deal?
Deal.
Kellogg's Rice Krispies treats recipe.
Chaos Cartridge! 300 kids will win!
Details on mock battles are right for official rules.
Not all cards are bound by the paper they're printed on.
NBA basketball cards are going the out of control!
NBA basketball cards breaking all boundaries, man.
Every night, when you're sound asleep,
something strange happens.
Not only do your eyeballs keep moving,
even though your eyes are closed,
but the world keeps moving too.
Somewhere far away,
kids will never meet or climbing trees,
riding bikes and melting garter snakes,
while you're fast asleep.
Maybe that's what bugs my brother Pete.
While he's stuck in bed,
the world keeps going on without him.
It's as if millions of kids got a head start in a race,
and Pete never had a chance to catch up.
Which was exactly the way our mom wanted to keep it.
That's why every night, at precisely 9 o'clock,
a wriggly nightly ritual begins.
Honey, it's bedtime.
Why?
Because it's 9 o'clock,
and that's what time growing boys go to sleep.
Mom's first reason for making Pete go to bed
was always the easiest to counter.
After all, what is there some international chart
that dictates what time all 10-year-olds should go to bed?
Why 9 o'clock? Why not 9-11 or 9-42?
Do we have to go through this every night?
I just want to know why.
Because 9 o'clock is your bedtime.
But why?
And that's when she'd say the six deadly words
that make every kid's guts boil.
Because I said so. That's why.
And just like that, it's over.
But one night, as I watched my brother climb the stairs
to his bedroom cell,
I knew that it was more than just time for bed.
It was time for Pete to shatter
adult's grisly grip of power on the world
and free kids everywhere.
After 10 years, 4 months, and 27 days,
my brother Pete had reached his breaking point.
The injustice of bedtime was no longer acceptable to him.
Pete was convinced that the bedtime rule
was part of the international adult conspiracy,
which operated in secret and kept adults in control.
Well, I'll tell you what I do, Nancy.
I buy the 2% and I tell them it's whole milk.
They never know the difference.
Hey, what they don't know can't hurt them.
And even though Pete discovered
why his cereal tastes like sludge,
the bedtime rule remained a mystery.
One more 9 o'clock bedtime and Pete would have imploded.
He needed a scheme and he needed it fast.
And Pete being Pete, he knew just where to look.
He unleashed his plot on an unsuspecting world
the very next night during a game of flashlight tag
in our backyard, throwed in on his final victim.
Good night, Clem.
It's 9 o'clock, Pete.
That's enough for tonight.
It's bedtime.
Pete knew it was now or never.
No.
You know what, honey?
No, I'm not going to bed. I don't feel like going to bed.
Oh, don't be silly, pumpkin.
It's wet out here.
Come on, let's go.
I said no.
I said yes.
And I don't like the tone in your voice, young man.
I love it.
The battle lines had been drawn.
Mom knew that the next move was hers
so her brain kicked into strategic mom defense mode.
Would she try reverse psychology
a maneuver she was famous for
or would she stall, bribe him
or go for the jugular and bring dad into it?
You want to stay up late?
Fine.
She went with the old standby.
And how late would that be?
9.15, 9.30?
Later.
Oh, really?
Well, why bother coming inside at all?
Why don't you just stay up all night?
Okay.
Mom was stunned.
Pete had called her bluff.
And mom knew right away
that the only way out of her pickle
was with the deadly double bluff.
Why stop there?
How about two nights?
How about eleven?
Eleven days without sleep?
Yep, I'm going to break the world record.
Is that so?
Well, have a nice time.
Pete had won.
And his master plan was quickly made clear
to claim for kids everywhere
the Ghibli's world record for sleeplessness.
Set in 1962 by 56-year-old housewife
Van Hooten.
If Pete could pull it off,
he proved to mom and the entire known world
that when it came to bedtime,
he could play by his own rules.
Pete's friends were so inspired
by the idea of staying up
eleven days past their bedtime
that they too decided to go for the record.
But what none of them realized
was that they were playing right into
the razor-sharp claws of the international
adult conspiracy.
My, uh, lippy's going to learn a little lesson.
And you just will reach.
Eleven days. Ha!
I give them eleven hours tops.
That choice, I kind of handed to her.
I never would have thought of this one.
Of course not.
No parent would.
No parent could.
Because a plan so brilliant,
so perfectly perfect as Pete's,
could only have come from those
other tastes of being powerless.
Clem.
Natasha.
Pervis.
Luby.
Pink eye.
The strongest man in the world.
We are the Nightcrawler.
Doos!
Snappy name, my little vikings.
Son, uh, happy.
You know why we're here.
You know what we gotta do.
Eleven days.
No sleep.
Not even naps.
Think you can handle it, pink eye?
Clem it, Pervis.
We're a team.
I'm fine.
Natasha's right.
We gotta stick together.
Break the record.
We need a witness.
No witness?
No record.
Get it?
Got it?
Cake.
This is gonna be cake.
Let's do it!
Do it they did.
They were sleepless suburban commandos
who ruled the night
and turned it into day.
After Artie showed them how to
skip stones on Neptune.
Skip to our move, Thailand.
The Nightcrawlers got their second win
and wrote it.
Mississippi!
Two South Dakota!
But around 2.47 a.m.,
Somnes the mighty God of Sleep
sang a thumb-sucking lullaby
that KO'd Pervis.
Evacuate!
While Pervis and the rest of the world slumbered,
the Nightcrawlers crawled on.
And soon the crickets that usually lulled
Cranston Street to sleep
were replaced by a different sound.
But around 18 hours later,
the nightlife began to take its toll
on parents.
Well, Stan, I'm not really worried.
I mean, I wouldn't really call it worried.
It's just, oh, gosh, is it really 11 o'clock?
Relax, Nancy.
They can't possibly last much longer.
I mean, Pervis didn't even make it five hours.
You know, I never liked that kid.
Any minute now,
my Libby's gonna come walking through that door.
she's ten years old for crying out loud.
How much longer can she stay awake?
It was obvious that adults just didn't get it.
Their kids weren't just ten-year-olds.
They were Nightcrawlers.
Go fish, go fish!
Go fishing.
Libby figured out that every time she felt sleepy,
all she had to do was glance at the sun.
She'd blow the snooze right out of her.
Ah, fuck, I'll hold you for a while.
My eyes can't close.
Good idea.
Meanwhile, Pink Eye opted for Fig Newly power.
The bite-sized Newlies had double the sugar of regular cookies,
meaning, of course, twice the sugar rush.
And while Pink Eye spent her days
ricocheting around the neighborhood
like an 84-pound pinball,
Artie spent his nights boogalooing
to the beat of a CREVSTAR 2000.
The portable AM-FM radio he borrowed from Purvis' bike.
Not only did the music keep them awake,
but Artie discovered that at night,
the CREVSTAR picked up radio stations
from as far away as New Orleans,
Old Tucson, and Dusseldorf.
But just when the Nightcrawlers
were finding the perfect rhythm
to keep them going one more night...
Double my triptors!
Double!
Go!
Danger was upon them.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be back after this on Smith.
But don't worry, you'll learn, because I'm going to teach you.
Visit Artie's today and collect all four
Eureka Castle stampers from Nick Jr.
Our home egg teacher,
Mrs. Clean Camera!
She thinks you like Kellogg's Frost in many weeks, because...
It's wholesome.
I've taught the children that wholesome is.
Way!
Anyone who's breathing knows this stuff is sweet.
It's loaded.
With whole-grain wheat, they've learned.
Frost, it's cold!
It gives them...
Real hope for our future domestic engineers.
Kellogg's Frost in many weeks tastes so good.
Who cares about anything else?
Besides, according to this completeorth verify...
It's so rewarding to know I've influenced their indie habit.
And so it was.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete!
Except for Purvis' thumb-sucking side-walk snooze,
The first 96 hours of the Nightcrawler's mission had gone perfectly, but then, during our 97, Calamity struck.
It was Pink Eye, crashing from the worst sugar rush since Glen Hoover ate 17 candy apples with the fireman's field dough.
There was nothing they could do, because everyone knew the terrible truth, like a fish flopping on a dock.
Pink Eye was a goner.
So young, so brave, so sleepy.
Shoes are now cheddar high.
Sadly done, Pinky Lee.
The loss of another denizen of the night hit the Nightcrawlers like a sucker punch.
It was a wonderful morning. Dawn was better.
That's nice. Bye-bye.
And even though it seemed like the standoff would go on forever, the pressure was finally starting to get to the grown-ups.
Because they knew if the bedtime rule were put to bed, it could start a domino effect that would ripple all the way down Cranston Street.
What do they want next, Fred?
A ban on cauliflower at dinner?
Worse, a mandate against making their beds.
I need my bromide.
I know, my Morty. You know what you want to do?
Drive.
Still, the international adult conspiracy was as sneaky as ever, especially Mom, who took up a sudden interest in astronomy.
What are you looking at, Mom?
Well, I'll be the rings of Jupiter.
It was clear that the mind-warping effects of 164 hours without sleep were getting to everyone.
It's my turn to hold the radio. How come Artie always holds the radio?
Wake up, Petunia. Don't junk out on me. Wake up.
Why is the grass so wet? Is it raining? Is it? I haven't seen it rain, so why is the grass so wet?
Will somebody please? Where's Libby?
Libby was lost. Somehow she'd wandered into Mrs. Chacuti's backyard and couldn't get out.
All she needed was one solar-powered sneeze, and she'd snap right out of it.
Unfortunately, Libby had one huge problem. The sun was on a lunch break.
The stare down went on for hours, but I guess Mr. Sun was feeling a little loggy after lunch.
He never came out to play, and in the end...
When?
Mr. Sun wimped out. They found her around dinner time, catching Z's under Mrs. Chacuti's bird bath.
You're next, kid. You're going down.
Wax my nose hair.
Suddenly, adults were gaining the upper hand, because by nights eight and nine, the night crawlers started dropping like flies.
It's a crazy, crazy pile.
Nine, nine.
Wamp it! Wamp it!
That's it!
Look, boy! Don't look! Just once.
And then there were two.
It all came down to the final night.
If Pete and Artie could hold on for nine more hours, the balance of power in the Wrigley household might shift forever.
The stakes had never been higher.
For Cranston Street, and for the world.
Give in.
Be strong! Tuckle face, bar, and sleep is for the puny. It's untied.
I gotta keep moving, Artie.
Yes, and I challenge you, my friend, to a game of tag of the flashlight variety.
With the Krebstarr 2000 pumping fresh funk into his cortex, Artie is ready for action.
I don't believe you can catch me for I am super freaky.
Artie easily outmaneuvers a sleepy Pete with his patented slide and glide technique.
Until...
Shake a night, Artie.
Come on, Artie.
You want Artie? Please!
Come on! You can do it!
The strongest man.
And act the Earth.
Come on, Artie.
Artie was in super sleep.
A dream state reserved only for superheroes.
And as Artie fit the dust, so did my brother Pete's dream.
It's over.
He had come so close.
There were only 53 minutes left, but Pete was all out of winds.
His energy had been sucked dry.
And worst of all, he had no more witnesses.
You okay, pumpkin?
Yeah, never been better.
So what are you waiting for?
Aren't you gonna rub it in?
Is that what you think I want to do?
Make you feel bad?
Well, I don't.
Pete, you're my little boy.
And I make rules for you because I love you.
Mom?
What?
You know, I guess I'm afraid you're growing up too fast.
It's not like I can help it.
Yeah, me neither.
What? Did you think I was gonna stay ten years old forever?
So now what?
Well, what do you say we settle on a new bedtime?
You bluffing.
How about ten o'clock?
Ten thirty.
Ten fifteen.
Eleven.
Okay, ten fifteen's good.
Where are you going?
It's bedtime, right?
No, you still have 49 minutes.
Forget it.
My last witness is Lala.
No, she's not.
Tag, you're it.
So that's how the battle over bedtime finally ended.
After eleven days and nights, both Pete and Mom understood that change is inevitable.
Whether you're talking about rules, records, or ten-year-old boys.
And even though the world will keep moving and changing without us,
on one special night,
my brother Pete scored a victory in the name of kids everywhere.
And for a while at least, he could sleep soundly.
I have an idea.
I think he helps get rid of other people's problems.
Maybe helping a kid ride a bike, even if you don't know him.
Helping makes you feel wanted.
Makes me feel like I'm doing something right.
It's good to help one person in the world.
The world will be better.
Can I help you?
If everybody helps out.
Help.
If Nickelodeon wants to help, get the word out about help.
That's just a great example for help.
Help!
Everybody, we're going to McDonald's.
Happy Meals Daisy and all her friends
are going to McDonald's.
Where the fun never ends.
She's got a happy meal.
Hamburger to drink and fries.
There's even a happy meal.
Meals Daisy is a new way to play
that you're going to McDonald's every day.
Stacey Doll comes with a jewelry surprise,
either a necklace, bracelet, or earrings.
Dolls sold separately where toys are sold.
Six Life is the number two theme park company
in the United States.
And that means we've got to work really hard.
We're in the fantasy business.
I mean, you look around us,
and you know, you're in another world.
It's got to be cleaner than reality,
friendlier than reality.
Most people don't realize we're this big.
The good news is, there should be something for everybody.
When you're number two,
you have to have a few things number one doesn't have.
And what we've got are some very exciting rides.
If you're not a chicken.
No matter where you live, there's six flags near you.
Come on up.